#EXTM3U 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/net.png" group-title="Lokal",NET 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NetTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/NetTV-HD.mpd 

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/indosiar.png" group-title="Lokal",Indosiar 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Indosiar/sa_dash_vmx/Indosiar.mpd 

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/sctv.png" group-title="Lokal",SCTV 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/SCTV/sa_dash_vmx/SCTV.mpd 

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/rcti.png" group-title="Lokal",RCTI 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/RCTI/sa_dash_vmx/RCTI.mpd 

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/gtv.png" group-title="Lokal",GTV 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/GTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/GTV-HD.mpd 

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/mnctv.png" group-title="Lokal",MNCTV 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCTV-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/inews.png" group-title="Lokal",iNewsTV 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/iNewsTV/sa_dash_vmx/iNewsTV.mpd 

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/trans7.png" group-title="Lokal",Trans 7 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Trans7/sa_dash_vmx/Trans7.mpd 

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/transtv.png" group-title="Lokal",Trans TV 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TransTV/sa_dash_vmx/TransTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/pimages/logo_rtv_small1.png" group-title="Lokal", RTV 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/RTV/sa_dash_vmx/RTV.mpd 

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/assets/images/channel/logo_antv_small1.png" group-title="Lokal", ANTV 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/ANTV/sa_dash_vmx/ANTV.mpd 

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/assets/images/channel/logo_tvone_small1.png" group-title="Lokal", TVONE 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TVOne/sa_dash_vmx/TVOne.mpd 

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/pimages/logo_tvri_small1.png" group-title="Lokal", TVRI 
https://dl.dropbox.com/s/l5j2hh2e45y650w/3f58825fe229a8f.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/pimages/logo_metrotv_small1.png" group-title="Lokal", Metro TV 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MetroTV/sa_dash_vmx/MetroTV.mpd 

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/pimages/logo_kompastv_small1.png" group-title="Lokal", Kompas TV 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/KompasTV/sa_dash_vmx/KompasTV.mpd 

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/oktv.png" group-title="Lokal", OKTV 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/OKTV/sa_dash_vmx/OKTV.mpd 

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/visionprime.png" group-title="Lokal", Vision Prime 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/VisionPrime/sa_dash_vmx/VisionPrime.mpd 



#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/pimages/logo_beritasatu_small1.png" group-title="Lokal", Berita Satu 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeritaSatu/sa_dash_vmx/BeritaSatu.mpd 

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/pimages/logo_idx_small.png" group-title="News", IDX 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/IDX/sa_dash_vmx/IDX.mpd 

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/pimages/logo_cnbcid_small.png" group-title="News", CNBC Indonesia 
https://live.cnbcindonesia.com/livecnbc/smil:cnbctv.smil/chunklist_b384000_sleng.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/pimages/logo_cnnindonesia_small1.png?v=2.0.0.13" group-title="News", CNN Indonesia 
https://live.cnnindonesia.com/livecnn/smil:cnntv.smil/chunklist_b384000_sleng.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/pimages/logo_dwtv_small.png?v=2.0.0.13" group-title="News", DW TV 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/DW/sa_dash_vmx/DW.mpd 

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/pimages/logo_arirang_small1.png" group-title="News", Arirang 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Arirang/sa_dash_vmx/Arirang.mpd 

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/pimages/logo_aljazeera_small1.png" group-title="News", AL JAZEERA English 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AlJazeeraInternational/sa_dash_vmx/AlJazeeraInternational.mpd 



#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://x1.cdn.broiptv.com/img/hbo.png" group-title="Movies", HBO 
http://www.goldentv.tech:25461/Perfecto/170721/24990

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://x1.cdn.broiptv.com/img/hbo_family.png" group-title="Movies", HBO Family 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOFamily2/sa_dash_vmx/HBOFamily2.mpd 

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://x1.cdn.broiptv.com/img/hbo_hits.png" group-title="Movies", HBO Hits 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOHits/sa_dash_vmx/HBOHits.mpd 

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://x1.cdn.broiptv.com/img/hbo_signature.png" group-title="Movies", HBO Signature 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOSignature2/sa_dash_vmx/HBOSignature2.mpd 

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/pimages/logo_hits_small.png" group-title="Movies", HITS 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HITS/sa_dash_vmx/HITS.mpd 

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/pimages/logo_hitsmovie_small.png" group-title="Movies", HITS Movies 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HitsMovies/sa_dash_vmx/HitsMovies.mpd 

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/pimages/logo_axn_small.png" group-title="Movies", AXN 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AXN/sa_dash_vmx/AXN.mpd 

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/pimages/logo_kix_small.png" group-title="Movies", KIX 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/KIX/sa_dash_vmx/KIX.mpd 

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/pimages/logo_thrill_small.png" group-title="Movies", Thrill 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Thrill/sa_dash_vmx/Thrill.mpd 

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/pimages/logo_warner_small.png" group-title="Movies", Warner TV 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/WarnerTV/sa_dash_vmx/WarnerTV.mpd 

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/pimages/logo_cinemaworld_small.png" group-title="Movies", Cinema World 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CinemaWorld/sa_dash_vmx/CinemaWorld.mpd 

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/pimages/logo_celestialmovie_small.png" group-title="Movies", Celestial Movies 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CelestialMovie/sa_dash_vmx/CelestialMovie.mpd 

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/pimages/logo_newtvnmovies_small.png" group-title="Entertainment", tvN Movies 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/tvNMovies/sa_dash_vmx/tvNMovies.mpd



#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/mncsports.png" group-title="Sports", MNC Sports 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCSports/sa_dash_vmx/MNCSports.mpd 

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/fightsport.png" group-title="Sports", Fight Sports 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/FightSports/sa_dash_vmx/FightSports.mpd 

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/assets/images/channel/logo_bein1_small1.png" group-title="Sports", beIN Sport 1 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeIN1/sa_dash_vmx/MrBeIN1.mpd 

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/assets/images/channel/logo_bein2_small1.png" group-title="Sports", beIN Sport 2 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeIN2s/sa_dash_vmx/BeIN2s.mpd 

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/soccerchannel.png" group-title="Sports",Soccer Channel 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/soccerchannel-HD/sa_dash_vmx/soccerchannel-HD.mpd 

#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/13VJcC8t/Video-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="SPORTS", champ1=roll(dec=native)
https://etus.link/champ1roll?shareext.m3u8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/13VJcC8t/Video-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="SPORTS", champ2=roll(dec=native)
https://etus.link/champ2roll?shareext.m3u8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/13VJcC8t/Video-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="SPORTS", champ3=roll(dec=native)
https://etus.link/champ3roll?shareext.m3u8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/NjvxX3pL/Usee-Share-Ext-Group.png" group-title="SPORTS", MNC SPORTS
https://etus.link/izzatmncsport?shareext.m3u8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/NjvxX3pL/Usee-Share-Ext-Group.png" group-title="SPORTS", CHAMPIONTV1(b)
http://www.daygun.online/Live/ru/v.m3u8?id=championstv1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/NjvxX3pL/Usee-Share-Ext-Group.png" group-title="SPORTS", CHAMPIONTV2(b)
http://www.daygun.online/Live/ru/v.m3u8?id=championstv2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/NjvxX3pL/Usee-Share-Ext-Group.png" group-title="SPORTS", CHAMPIONTV3(b)
http://www.daygun.online/Live/ru/v.m3u8?id=championstv3

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="Golfplus Channel" group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/assets/images/channel/logo_golf_small1.png", NBC Golf
http://rr1.dens.tv/h/h10/01.m3u8
http://edge.linknetott.swiftserve.com/live/BSgroup/amlst:hich/chunklist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/d/d8/Astro_Arena_HD.png", Astro Arena HD
#http://server.warkop.xyz:443/udin 8080/boskopiAsli/43
http://50.7.161.82:8278/streams/d/arena_pye/playlist.m3u8
http://iptv.tvmalaysia.cc:80/penang189/penang189/6707

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/assets/images/channel/logo_champ1_small.png" group-title="Sports", Champions TV 1
http://mantul.biz.id:8888/aruba/aruba/232
https://filmkita.online/live/sport/cmps1.m3u8

#EXTM3U refresh="3600" 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ChampionTV4.id" tvg-name="ChampionTV3.id" tvg-logo="https://www.firstmedia.com/files/icons/channel/champion-tv-4.png" group-title="Sports", Champions TV 4
http://mantul.biz.id:8888/aruba/aruba/13922
https://filmkita.online/live/sport/cmps3.m3u8
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://license.pallycon.com/ri/licenseManager.do?pallycon-customdata-v2=eyJkcm1fdHlwZSI6IldpZGV2aW5lIiwic2l0ZV9pZCI6Ik1RRFQiLCJ1c2VyX2lkIjoiNjM4ODc4ODMiLCJjaWQiOiJldmVudC00LWRhc2gtZW5jcnlwdGVkIiwidG9rZW4iOiJZUEUydDlBQ2hoVXpJcU5Uc1pBZzFxOGVvcFpIbDVmdDRsb2htL0ZBb3JINjJFbTRpdi9teUpyeTBRb1cva0JpOUVuNmNWREMrdVNycDFZVUlRR01DWDhtbHlwU3I5MWpUSjZPcjI5ZnErTT0iLCJ0aW1lc3RhbXAiOiIyMDIxLTEwLTIxVDIwOjQ2OjQwWiIsImhhc2giOiJibDNNWDBRZWZOVGt6L211Y05IRURzcWRwNjdFSVNPaDgxOFAvVzJnN3hjPSJ9 
#https://production-drm-vidio-com-event-4.akamaized.net/out/v1/f5e1e4dc70e54d2eb4020b7af8eeb925/index.mpd


 

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/disneychannel.png" group-title="Kids", Disney Channel 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/DisneyChannel/sa_dash_vmx/DisneyChannel.mpd 

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/disneyjunior.png" group-title="Kids", Disney Junior 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/DisneyJunior-HD/sa_dash_vmx/DisneyJunior-HD.mpd 

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/pimages/logo_cartoonnetwork_small.png" group-title="Kids", Cartoon Network 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CartoonNetwork/sa_dash_vmx/CartoonNetwork.mpd 

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/pimages/logo_boomerang_small.png" group-title="Kids", Boomerang 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Boomerang/sa_dash_vmx/Boomerang.mpd 

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/pimages/logo_animax_small.png" group-title="Kids", Animax 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Animax/sa_dash_vmx/Animax.mpd 

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/nickelodeon.png" group-title="Kids", Nickelodeon 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Nickelodeon/sa_dash_vmx/Nickelodeon.mpd 

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/pimages/logo_nickjr_small.png" group-title="Kids", Nick Jr 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NickJr/sa_dash_vmx/NickJr.mpd 



#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/pimages/logo_afc_small.png" group-title="Premium Channel", AFN 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AFC/sa_dash_vmx/AFC.mpd 

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/pimages/logo_tlc_small.png" group-title="Premium Channel", TLC 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TLC/sa_dash_vmx/TLC.mpd 

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/pimages/logo_hgtv_small.png" group-title="Premium Channel", HGTV 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HGTV/sa_dash_vmx/HGTV.mpd 

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/pimages/logo_lifetime_small.png" group-title="Premium Channel", Lifetime 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Lifetime/sa_dash_vmx/Lifetime.mpd 

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/pimages/logo_sone_small1.png" group-title="Premium Channel", Sony One 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/SetOne/sa_dash_vmx/SetOne.mpd 

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/pimages/logo_wakuwaku_small.png" group-title="Premium Channel", WakuWaku Japan 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/WakuWakuJapan/sa_dash_vmx/WakuWakuJapan.mpd 

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/pimages/logo_tvn_small.png" group-title="Premium Channel", tvN 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/tvN/sa_dash_vmx/tvN.mpd 

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/pimages/logo_nhkworld_small.png" group-title="Premium Channel", NHK World TV 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NHKWorldTV/sa_dash_vmx/NHKWorldTV.mpd 

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/pimages/logo_alquran_small1.png" group-title="Premium Channel", Al Quran Al Kareem 2 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AlQuranAlKareem/sa_dash_vmx/AlQuranAlKareem.mpd 



#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/pimages/logo_history_small.png" group-title="Knowledge", History 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/History/sa_dash_vmx/History.mpd 

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/pimages/logo_cgtndocumentary_small1.png" group-title="Knowledge", CGTN DOCUMENTARY 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CGTN_Doc/sa_dash_vmx/CGTN_Doc.mpd 

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha  
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/pimages/logo_discovery_small.png" group-title="Knowledge", Discovery 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Discovery/sa_dash_vmx/Discovery.mpd 

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/animalplanet.png" group-title="Knowledge", Animal Planet 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AnimalPlanet/sa_dash_vmx/AnimalPlanet.mpd 

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/pimages/logo_crimeinvestigation_small.png" group-title="Knowledge", Crime Investigation 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CrimeInvestigation/sa_dash_vmx/CrimeInvestigation.mpd
